README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi there! 👋</h1>
<h3 align="center">Personal Website: https://katorly.gitee.io</h3>
<!-- Old Visitor Badge: https://visitor-badge.laobi.icu/badge?page_id=katorly.katorly -->
<!-- <p align="center"><a href="https://github.com/katorly"><img src="https://badges.pufler.dev/visits/katorly/katorly?style=for-the-badge&color=85ABFF"></a> <a href="https://github.com/katorly"><img src="https://badges.pufler.dev/repos/katorly?style=for-the-badge&color=EE7379"></a> <a href="https://github.com/katorly"><img src="https://badges.pufler.dev/gists/katorly?style=for-the-badge&color=C894EB"></a></p> -->
<p align="center"><a href="https://github.com/katorly"><img src="https://badges.strrl.dev/repos/katorly?style=for-the-badge&color=EE7379"></a> <a href="https://github.com/katorly"><img src="https://badges.strrl.dev/gists/katorly?style=for-the-badge&color=C894EB"></a> <a href="https://github.com/katorly"><img src="https://badges.strrl.dev/years/katorly?style=for-the-badge&color=ADD752"></a></p>

## 📜 About Me
My name is **Katorly**.<br>

I'm a Minecraft lover who loves playing multiplayer and loves building things. I have developed a hobby of making Minecraft Java server plugins over the past several years, and also help translate plugins into Chinese (Simplified).<br>
Feel free to ask me questions about Minecraft server setup making.😄<br>

Currently working on [**Katorly Lab**](https://github.com/katorlys). You can view all my programming projects there.<br>

For business/non-business contact: [**katorly@qq.com**](mailto:katorly@qq.com)<br>

<p align="center"><a href="https://github.com/katorlys"><img width="96%" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/katorly/katorly/SocialLinks/Katorly%20Lab%20GIF.gif"></a></p>

## 📊 My Statistics
<p align="center"><a href="https://github.com/katorly"><img width="48%" src="https://github-readme-stats-katorly.vercel.app/api?username=katorly&title_color=42B883&show_icons=true&icon_color=DC352C&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&role=OWNER,ORGANIZATION_MEMBER,COLLABORATOR"></a> <a href="https://github.com/katorly"><img width="48%" src="http://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com?user=katorly&theme=vue&date_format=%5BY.%5Dn.j&dates=000000"></a><br><br>
<!-- Top Languages: <a href="https://github.com/katorly"><img width="48%" src="https://github-readme-stats-katorly.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=katorly&langs_count=10&layout=compact&role=OWNER,ORGANIZATION_MEMBER,COLLABORATOR"></a><br><br> -->
<!-- <a href="https://github.com/katorly"><img width="94%" src="https://ghchart.rshah.org/409ba5/katorly"></a> -->
<a href="https://github.com/katorly"><img width="96%" src="https://activity-graph.herokuapp.com/graph?username=Katorly&theme=minimal"></a></p>

### ⚡ Recent Activity
<!--START_SECTION:activity-->
1. 🎉 Merged PR [#10](https://github.com/katorlys/katorlys.github.io/pull/10) in [katorlys/katorlys.github.io](https://github.com/katorlys/katorlys.github.io)
2. 💪 Opened PR [#10](https://github.com/katorlys/katorlys.github.io/pull/10) in [katorlys/katorlys.github.io](https://github.com/katorlys/katorlys.github.io)
3. ❗️ Opened issue [#1](https://github.com/BuildistMC/update-logs/issues/1) in [BuildistMC/update-logs](https://github.com/BuildistMC/update-logs)
4. 🗣 Commented on [#234](https://github.com/PlayPro/CoreProtect/issues/234) in [PlayPro/CoreProtect](https://github.com/PlayPro/CoreProtect)
5. ❗️ Closed issue [#5](https://github.com/katorlys/StarlinUtils/issues/5) in [katorlys/StarlinUtils](https://github.com/katorlys/StarlinUtils)
6. ❗️ Closed issue [#56](https://github.com/puf17640/git-badges/issues/56) in [puf17640/git-badges](https://github.com/puf17640/git-badges)
<!--END_SECTION:activity-->

<!-- ## 💎 Featured Projects
- [`katorlys/FilePropertyViewer`](https://github.com/katorlys/FilePropertyViewer)
- [`katorlys/CleanJunkFiles`](https://github.com/katorlys/CleanJunkFiles)
- [`katorlys/Spigot-CustomConfig`](https://github.com/katorlys/Spigot-CustomConfig)
- [`katorly/SpringtimeSpawn`](https://github.com/katorly/SpringtimeSpawn)
- [`katorly/LiteCustomStopServer`](https://github.com/katorly/LiteCustomStopServer)

<details><summary><b>⭐ Popular Projects I contributed to</b></summary>

- [`Shopkeepers/Shopkeepers`](https://github.com/Shopkeepers/Translations)
- [`BentoBoxWorld/CaveBlock`](https://github.com/BentoBoxWorld/CaveBlock)
</details> -->

## 🔗 Social Links
<p align="left"><a href="https://github.com/katorly"><img width="5%" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/katorly/katorly/SocialLinks/github.png"></a>
<a href="https://www.spigotmc.org/members/katorly.1301379/#resources"><img width="5%" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/katorly/katorly/SocialLinks/spigotmc.png"></a>
<a href="https://www.planetminecraft.com/member/katorly"><img width="5%" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/katorly/katorly/SocialLinks/planetminecraft.png"></a>
<!-- <a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/katorly"><img width="5%" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/katorly/katorly/SocialLinks/buymeacoffee.png"></a> -->
<a href="https://afdian.net/@katorly"><img width="5%" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/katorly/katorly/SocialLinks/afdian.png"></a>
<a href="mailto:katorly@qq.com"><img width="5%" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/katorly/katorly/SocialLinks/email.png"></a></p>

Commit message:

Fixed link; Restore featured projects

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi there! 👋</h1>
<h3 align="center">Personal Website: https://katorly.gitee.io</h3>
<!-- Old Visitor Badge: https://visitor-badge.laobi.icu/badge?page_id=katorly.katorly -->
<!-- <p align="center"><a href="https://github.com/katorly"><img src="https://badges.pufler.dev/visits/katorly/katorly?style=for-the-badge&color=85ABFF"></a> <a href="https://github.com/katorly"><img src="https://badges.pufler.dev/repos/katorly?style=for-the-badge&color=EE7379"></a> <a href="https://github.com/katorly"><img src="https://badges.pufler.dev/gists/katorly?style=for-the-badge&color=C894EB"></a></p> -->
<p align="center"><a href="https://github.com/katorly"><img src="https://badges.strrl.dev/repos/katorly?style=for-the-badge&color=EE7379"></a> <a href="https://github.com/katorly"><img src="https://badges.strrl.dev/gists/katorly?style=for-the-badge&color=C894EB"></a> <a href="https://github.com/katorly"><img src="https://badges.strrl.dev/years/katorly?style=for-the-badge&color=ADD752"></a></p>

## 📜 About Me
My name is **Katorly**.<br>

I'm a Minecraft player who loves playing multiplayer and is fond of making server plugins. I have developed a hobby of making Minecraft Java server plugins over the past several years, and also help translate plugins into Chinese (Simplified).<br>
Feel free to ask me questions about Minecraft server setup making.😄<br>

Most of my projects are in [**Katorly Lab**](https://github.com/katorlys). Everyone is welcome to join the lab and make contributions.<br>

For business/non-business contact: [**katorly@qq.com**](mailto:katorly@qq.com)<br>

<p align="center"><a href="https://github.com/katorlys"><img width="96%" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/katorly/katorly/SocialLinks/Katorly%20Lab%20GIF.gif"></a></p>

## 📊 My Statistics
<p align="center"><a href="https://github.com/katorly"><img width="48%" src="https://github-readme-stats-katorly.vercel.app/api?username=katorly&title_color=42B883&show_icons=true&icon_color=DC352C&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&role=OWNER,ORGANIZATION_MEMBER,COLLABORATOR"></a> <a href="https://github.com/katorly"><img width="48%" src="http://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com?user=katorly&theme=vue&date_format=%5BY.%5Dn.j&dates=000000"></a><br><br>
<!-- Top Languages: <a href="https://github.com/katorly"><img width="48%" src="https://github-readme-stats-katorly.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=katorly&langs_count=10&layout=compact&role=OWNER,ORGANIZATION_MEMBER,COLLABORATOR"></a><br><br> -->
<!-- <a href="https://github.com/katorly"><img width="94%" src="https://ghchart.rshah.org/409ba5/katorly"></a> -->
<a href="https://github.com/katorly"><!-- <img width="96%" src="https://activity-graph.herokuapp.com/graph?username=Katorly&theme=minimal"> --><img width="96%" src="https://ghchart.rshah.org/4d97ff/Katorly"></a></p>

### ⚡ Recent Activity
<!--START_SECTION:activity-->
1. 🎉 Merged PR [#10](https://github.com/katorlys/katorlys.github.io/pull/10) in [katorlys/katorlys.github.io](https://github.com/katorlys/katorlys.github.io)
2. 💪 Opened PR [#10](https://github.com/katorlys/katorlys.github.io/pull/10) in [katorlys/katorlys.github.io](https://github.com/katorlys/katorlys.github.io)
3. ❗️ Opened issue [#1](https://github.com/BuildistMC/update-logs/issues/1) in [BuildistMC/update-logs](https://github.com/BuildistMC/update-logs)
4. 🗣 Commented on [#234](https://github.com/PlayPro/CoreProtect/issues/234) in [PlayPro/CoreProtect](https://github.com/PlayPro/CoreProtect)
5. ❗️ Closed issue [#5](https://github.com/katorlys/StarlinUtils/issues/5) in [katorlys/StarlinUtils](https://github.com/katorlys/StarlinUtils)
6. ❗️ Closed issue [#56](https://github.com/puf17640/git-badges/issues/56) in [puf17640/git-badges](https://github.com/puf17640/git-badges)
<!--END_SECTION:activity-->

## 💎 Featured Projects
<details><summary><b>Click to Open</b></summary>

- [`katorlys/prism-theme-github`](https://github.com/katorlys/prism-theme-github)
- [`katorlys/CleanJunkFiles`](https://github.com/katorlys/CleanJunkFiles)
- [`katorlys/Spigot-CustomConfig`](https://github.com/katorlys/Spigot-CustomConfig)
- [`katorly/SpringtimeSpawn`](https://github.com/katorly/SpringtimeSpawn)
- [`katorly/SummertimeSpawn`](https://github.com/katorly/SummertimeSpawn)
</details>

<!-- <details><summary><b>⭐ Popular Projects I contributed to</b></summary>

- [`Shopkeepers/Shopkeepers`](https://github.com/Shopkeepers/Translations)
- [`BentoBoxWorld/CaveBlock`](https://github.com/BentoBoxWorld/CaveBlock)
</details> -->

## 🔗 Social Links
<p align="left"><a href="https://github.com/katorly"><img width="5%" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/katorly/katorly/SocialLinks/github.png"></a>
<a href="https://www.spigotmc.org/members/katorly.1301379/#resources"><img width="5%" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/katorly/katorly/SocialLinks/spigotmc.png"></a>
<a href="https://www.planetminecraft.com/member/katorly"><img width="5%" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/katorly/katorly/SocialLinks/planetminecraft.png"></a>
<!-- <a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/katorly"><img width="5%" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/katorly/katorly/SocialLinks/buymeacoffee.png"></a> -->
<a href="https://afdian.net/@katorly"><img width="5%" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/katorly/katorly/SocialLinks/afdian.png"></a>
<a href="mailto:katorly@qq.com"><img width="5%" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/katorly/katorly/SocialLinks/email.png"></a></p>
